hi I'm Sasha the other night I had
dinner with Becky talk Becky talked and
she made me the most fantastic
shepherd's pie with goat cheese mash and
here's my version of it you're going to
need 500 grams of minced lamb 2 medium
onions peeled and chopped 1 medium
carrot chopped up very small to medium
leaks sliced half a level teaspoon of
ground cinnamon a tablespoon of fresh
thyme I'm using lemon thyme here as they
grow it in the garden a tbsp corn flour
275 milliliters of lamb stock 1
tablespoon of tomato puree 800 grams of
potato which will be mashing 50 grams of
butter and 200 grams of soft and creamy
goat's cheese
throw off your onions around 5 minutes
until the edges begin to close
now added your carrots and three courses
of your leeks and continue cooking
after five minutes set your vegetables
aside and use the same pan to round off
once your brand-new lamb add in your
cinnamon
of time and reintroduce the set aside
vegetables
and give it a crunch season with salt
next I'm gonna add in the cornflower
my stock
samanta puree
give it a good mix around until it's all
combined and cover it over and simmer on
the hob for a good 30 minutes this
Timescape potatoes on ready for mashing
after about 20 minutes your potatoes
should be soft enough to mash get them
under way with your butter no milk
needed here now that I've got them
started gonna add my goat cheese
now that's how half an hour on the pole
we're ready to put the whole thing
together
now we stopped at your cheesy mash
you want the top to be nice and level
but give it some texture with a form of
a little crisper once that's done pop
some of your spare leaks over the top
and if you have them some of your time
as well that's all ready to go into i
preheated oven at 180 degrees 350
Fahrenheit for gas mark after 20 minutes
in the oven the top will become nice and
crispy and the gravy will be soaking up
through the mash allow it to cool for a
little while for serving it with fresh
vegetables if you've enjoyed watching me
make shepherd's pie and please subscribe
below and come back for seconds
you